it seems sometimes that some careers get hyped up because of examples
of someone who's tremendously successful so I would definitely not recommend
anyone go into stem work if they are swayed by the stories
of how much money Bill Gates made her some because that always fails
to mention the Bill Gates was a very special person and made his money
in a way that the vast majority of us would have a prayer of doing
so I don't think you should ever go into a field thank you all that
guy's a billionaire I want to be a billionaire like him I I think
you should not look at the money or the success of the fame as a goal
you want to achieve I'd go after something you can do and enjoy be
proud of and let the fame and the money coming that